welcome you ladies and gentlemen and
in this video we will look at 5 gold
winter landscape preparation rules
outings now overboard and we have -34
degrees we arrived at the location
in advance
about half an hour wanted to come but
arrived an hour before dawn now sit
in the car and would like to tell you 5
rules to follow
so as not to freeze when
forays into the winter landscape and to
get good results and beautiful
mood is the first rule with which we
wanted to start this always dress in
two times warmer than you plan because
what's the weather thing
changeable and never guess how much
year will always be predicted look
one shows but in reality everything else is like
Today we got the second rule
which we would like to say what
the second rule is what is always needed
pre-plan your route
It is possible to take a gps navigator
mark post on so always
look on the map if you
approximately you only know the route
if you were not in this place we are now
We are located 140 kilometers from the house
we shoot blue lakes very much
interesting hydrosulphuric lake which
formed in the karst crater in winter
it does not freeze there is very much
interesting
blue rich color well photos you
still see and now we'll talk about
the third rule is just take with
a navigator if you have it take with
by itself if there are no paper cards
all sorts of things to you
navigate exactly on the way so you
don't get lost
there are special routers possible
if you have any friends
tourism active holidays there somewhere
climbs out
they can be a router already
laid route especially this
true if you go through the forest in winter
just go this route and
get to the place as quickly as possible
and comfortable
The following rule charge all gadgets
in advance if the battery performer is up to
if a
be sure to take with you
extra batteries for
cameras
since today the frost is -34 degrees and
batteries will be discharged
very quickly more accurately will not be very
quickly lose capacity always
Batteries need to be kept inside
a pocket in a cup in one pocket shoved
batteries in the second if you have 2
came to the place of shooting insert
battery camera and produce
series of shots
if you move to another location
again pulled the battery stuck it
in the inside pocket so he warmed up
this way my 35 capacity will return
and here is the meter it will last longer you can
make no more frames and 5 what we still
wish 7 so speak family and friends
where are you going to friends why do I need these like
how long will it take you with
very committed to the situation someone calls
just in case as they say on
sin and rake shoot better
err and be sure to say
where are you going approximately
at least in which square and where to find you
and after what time you approximately
plan to go back that is
if you did not call back here like this
Now the connection is bad enough and
call in principle will be enough
problematic what else would like
say on the way to the location location if
you push too far always
look first refueling
look at the tank of your car then
Do you have enough gas in advance?
think over and see some workarounds
ways if you are very cold
any hotel or cafe where you can
will call in here to bask in it
I think this is all up to be sure to take
something hot either
drinks tea coffee or hot food if
there is such an opportunity, there are terms and
specially for eating with wide water for free
bags
hot food on you first warm and
when it is very cold and more
give strength and raise old men
but on this i think this part of the video
ends if not too
strong wind i think we are already on the lake
take another video and show you
what kind of places are there plots and yet
some may be let
Mounted all sorts of course